The titles of the works selected will at once make it clear that this series is a new departure, and that an attempt is made to provide annotated editions of books which have hitherto been obtainable only in the original French texts.
That Madame de Staël, Madame de Girardin, Daniel Stern, Victor Hugo, Lamartine, Flaubert, Gautier are among the authors whose works have been selected will leave no doubt as to the literary excellence of the texts included in this series.
Works of such quality, intended only for advanced scholars, could not be annotated in the way hitherto usual, since those for whom they have been prepared are familiar with many things and many events of which younger students have no knowledge.
Geographical and mythological notes have therefore been generally omitted, as also historical events either too well known to require elucidation or easily found in the ordinary books of reference.
The Introductions are also a novel feature of the present series.
Whenever it has been possible each volume has been adorned with a portrait of the author at the time he wrote his book.
OXFORD, December, mille neuf cent cinq.
Every epoch was to be painted in its dominant characteristic, every aspect of human thought was to find its fitting expression.
The first series could pretend to no such completeness, but the poet promised that the gaps should be filled up in succeeding volumes.
It cannot be said that this stupendous design was ever carried out.
In fact, Hugo has left large tracts of human history untrod.
He has scarcely touched the civilization of the East, he has given us no adequate picture of ancient Greece.
L'Aide offerte à Majorien can hardly be regarded as a sufficient picture of the wanderings of the nations, nor Le Régiment du Baron Madruce as an adequate embodiment of the spirit of the eighteenth century.
The Reformation, and, what is stranger still, the French Revolution, are not handled at all, though the heroism of the Napoleonic era finds fitting description in Le Cimetière d'Eylau.
The truth is that Hugo set himself a task which was perhaps beyond the power of any single poet to accomplish, and was certainly one for which he was not altogether well fitted.
He did not possess that capacity for taking a broad and impartial view of history which was needed in the author of such an epic as he designed.
His strong predilections on the one hand, and his violent antipathies on the other, swayed his choice of subjects, narrowed his field of vision, and influenced his manner of presentment.
The series cannot therefore pretend to philosophic completeness.
It is a gallery of pictures painted by a master-hand, and pervaded by a certain spirit of unity, yet devoid of any strict arrangement, and formed on no carefully maintained principle.
It is a set of cameos, loosely strung upon a thread, a structure with countless beautiful parts, which do not however cohere into any symmetrical whole.
The poems are cast in many forms; allegory, narrative, vision, didactic poetry, lyric poetry, all find a place.
There is little history, but much legend, some fiction, and a good deal of mythology.
The series was not designed as a whole.
Nor is there in these poems any dispassionate attempt to portray the character of the successive ages in the life of the race.
For Hugo there was no 'émancipation du moi.' The Légende is less a revelation of history than it is a revelation of the poet.
His choice of themes was dictated less by a careful search after what was most characteristic of each epoch than by his own strong predilections.
He loved the picturesque, the heroic, the enormous, the barbarous, the grotesque.
Hence Éviradnus, Ratbert, Le Mariage de Roland.
He loved also the weak, the poor, the defenceless, the old man and the little child.
Hence Les Pauvres Gens, Booz endormi, Petit Paul.
He delighted in the monstrous, he revelled in extremes, and he had little perception of the lights and shades which make up ordinary human character.
Neither his poems nor his romances show much trace of that psychological analysis which is the peculiar feature of so much modern literature.
Child of the nineteenth century, as he was in so many respects, in many of the features of his art he belongs to no era, and conforms to no tendency, except that of his own Titanic genius.
He could see white and he could see black, but he could not see grey, and never tried to paint it.
He does not allow Philip deux even his redeeming virtues of indefatigable industry and unceasing devotion to duty, while in his Rome of the decadence would assuredly be found scarce five good men.
His vision is curiously limited to the darker side of history; he hears humanity uttering in all ages a cry of suffering, and but rarely a shout of laughter.
He sees the oppression of the tyrant more vividly than the heroism of the oppressed.
Has he to write of the power of Spain? It is in the portrayal of the tyrant of Spain rather than the men who overcame Spain that his genius finds scope.
Does he wish to paint the era of religious persecution? It is the horror of the Inquisition rather than the heroism of its victims that is pictured on his canvas.
Delineations of heroic virtue there are indeed in the Légende, but it is noteworthy that they occur usually in fictions such as Éviradnus, Le Petit Roi de Galice, and La Confiance du Marquis Fabrice.
He has given us no historical portraits of noble characters which can be put side by side with those of Philip deux and Sultan Mourad.
As in his dramas, his kings and rulers are always drawn in dark colours.
His heroes belong to the classes that he loved, poor people, common soldiers, old men, children, and, be it added, animals.
He is always the man of great heart and strong prejudices, never the dramatist or the philosopher.
He was no scientist and no savant, he had none of that spirit of imperturbable calm with which Shakespeare surveyed all mankind, none of that impartial sympathy with which Browning investigated the psychology of saints and sinners alike.
He loved deeply and he hated fiercely, and his poetry was the voice of his love and his hate.
The intensity of his own poetic vision made the past stand before him as clearly as the present; the note of personal feeling is as clear and strong in Sultan Mourad and Bivar as in Les Châtiments or Le Retour de l'Empereur.
His great qualities of heart and mind and his singular defects are written large upon every page of the Légende.
It is ever Hugo that is speaking to us, however many be the masks that he wears.
Yet it would be a mistake to suppose that no general conception of the history and destiny of mankind is to be found in the work, or that the author had no sense of an increasing purpose running through the ages.
The conception is no doubt that of a poet and a seer, not of a historian or a philosopher, but it is clear and vivid, and is expressed with Titanic force.
Hugo pictured the history of mankind as a long struggle upwards towards the light.
Man has in all ages been oppressed by many evils--by war, by tyranny, by materiality, by mental and moral darkness.
He has sinned greatly, he has suffered greatly; he has been burdened with toil and surrounded by shadow, tormented by his rulers and misled by his priests.
It is a mistake to suppose, as some have done, that such pieces as Le Crapaud, Après la Bataille, and Les Pauvres Gens have no connexion with any epoch.
In Hugo's view, that tenderness for the weak and the defenceless which is their keynote was the peculiar mark of the age in which he lived, and a foretaste of the glory that was to come.
For the great purpose which his reading of human history reveals to him is the increase of the love of man to man, the widening of the bounds of liberty, the growth of brotherly feeling.
Suffering and oppression behind, freedom and joy in front, so does Hugo's imagination picture world-history, and his love of violent antitheses made him paint the past in the darkest colours in order that his vision of the future might shine with the greater radiance.
This underlying conception was expressed again in the poem entitled La Vision d'où est sorti ce livre, which was written at Guernsey in mille huit cent cinquante-sept, but published only in mille huit cent soixante-dix-sept.
In this vision the history of man appears to the poet in the form of a gigantic wall, on which are seen the crimes and sufferings of all the ages.
Two spirits pass by, the spirit of Fate (Fatalité), which is the enemy of man, and the spirit of God (Dieu), which is the friend of man.
This wall is shivered into fragments, by which the seer understands the destruction of pain and evil, and the closing of the long volume of human history.
Neither was published till after the poet's death, and the latter was left in an unfinished condition.
But they were both planned in the days when, isolated on his rock and severed from active life, the poet meditated on the deep questions of life and death.
They were meant to be, the one the prelude, and the other the sequel of his poem of humanity.
The theme of La Fin de Satan is the final reconciliation of good and evil.
Man is endowed with liberty, this child of good and ill, and his spirit hovers therefore ever between the exalted and the mean.
So humanity appears to the seer in Dieu: Et je vis apparaître une étrange figure; To Hugo, therefore, evil is not an equal force with good, nor is it eternal.
It was created in time, it will end in time.
It is a mistake to suppose that he accepted any kind of Manichaeism as his solution of the problem of the universe.
In reality his thought is much more permeated with Christian feeling than with Manichaeism.
Though he rejected dogmatic Catholicism, and indeed assailed it with Voltairian mockery, yet his vision of the Eternal as the embodiment of that mercy and goodness which is greater than justice is in its essence a Christian conception.
In his Préface Hugo remarks: 'C'est l'aspect légendaire qui prévaut dans ces deux volumes.' As a matter of fact, there is not a single poem in any of the series which is a narrative based upon actual fact.
Of the pieces in the present volume, Le Mariage de Roland, Aymerillot, and Bivar are founded on legends.
Éviradnus and La Confiance du Marquis Fabrice are inventions, and the others are mostly embroideries woven upon ancient themes rather than historical or even legendary pictures.
These latter, of which La Conscience is the best instance in this volume, suggest De Vigny's conception: 'Une pensée philosophique, mise en scène sous une forme épique ou dramatique.' Of accuracy in detail and local colour, Hugo was utterly careless.
He possessed a capacious, but not an exact, memory, and, provided the general impression produced by a description was the true one, he did not stop to inquire whether every detail was correct.
Nor did he always enjoy an extensive knowledge of the epoch which he delineated.
But he possessed to the full the poet's faculty of building the whole form and feature of a past age out of a few stray fragments of information.
Le souffle d'un grand poète ressuscitait subitement l'ossuaire des faits et des choses que j'avais péniblement rajusté.' [Footnote trois: Quoted in Eugène Rigal's Victor Hugo, poète épique.] Moreover, inaccurate as Hugo often is, it is never the inaccuracy that falsifies.
He has been severely criticized for having in Au Lion d'Androclès assigned to a single epoch events and personages which are really separated by centuries.
But all the facts are typical of the spirit which dominated Imperial Rome, and combine therefore to form a description which has poetic and imaginative, if not historical, truth.
And if, with greater licence, he has accumulated upon the head of a single Mourad all the crimes of a long line of Sultans it is because in drawing Mourad he is drawing the Turkish nation.
Mourad is to him the typical Turk, the embodiment of Oriental cruelty and lust.
If he mingled fiction with his history, it was because he conceived of the fiction as being as true a representation of the facts of an era as annals and records.
It may be true that Hugo made imagination do duty for study, but it is also true that an imagination, such as Hugo's, may be as sure an instrument as study in reconstructing the past.
His inaccuracies are in truth of small account.
He saw with his heart, and seeing with the heart must always mean partial vision.
For at the root of Hugo's nature lay an immense pity, pity not merely for the suffering, but for what is base or criminal, or what is ugly or degraded.
It was this pity which is the keynote of Notre-Dame de Paris and Les Misérables; it is this pity which inspired much of the Légende des Siècles.
The defence of the weak by the strong is one of his constant themes, as witness Éviradnus, Le Petit Roi de Galice, Les Pauvres Gens.
The contrast of the weak and the strong is one of his favourite artistic effects, as witness Booz endormi, La Confiance du Marquis Falrice.
An act of pity redeemed Sultan Mourad, an act of pity made the poor ass greater than all the philosophers.
It was this absorbing pity for the defenceless that made Hugo so merciless to the oppressor and so incapable of seeing anything but the deepest black in the picture of the tyrant.
One-sided the poet may be, but it is the one-sidedness of a generous nature; he may err, but his errors at least lean to the side of virtue.
It is scarcely necessary to dwell upon the poet's extraordinary fecundity of words and images.
Occasionally, especially in his later works, this degenerates into diffuseness, and he exhibits a tendency to repetition and a fondness for long enumeration of names and details.
On the other hand, he constantly shows how well he understood the power of brevity and compression.
There is not a superfluous word nor a poetic image in La Conscience, the severe and simple style of which is well suited to the sternness of the subject.
The story of Après la Bataille is related with telling conciseness, while in the highly finished work of Booz endormi there are no redundant phrases.
The many variations on the same theme in Aymerillot may be criticized as tedious, but there underlies them the artistic purpose of intensifying the reader's sense of the cowardice of the nobles by an accumulation of examples.
A like criticism and a like defence may be made of the long list of the crimes of Sultan Mourad, though here perhaps the poet's torrent of facts goes beyond the point at which the amassing of details is effective.
On the other hand, the swiftness of the narrative of the Mariage de Roland, and the soldierly brevity of the Cimetière d'Eylau, a piece not included in this volume, are alike admirable, and show Hugo at his best as a story-teller.
One of the most marked features of Hugo's poetry is his custom of attributing human desires and volition to inanimate objects.
To Hugo, the whole universe seemed to be alive, both as a whole and in each of its separate parts, and his way of humanizing the inanimate is not so much a conscious literary artifice as the natural habit of his imagination.
The swords of the heroes are always alive; in the duel between Roland and Olivier: Durandal heurte et suit Closamont.
Chaque statue, émue à leur pas doux et sombre, But the most striking instance of this tendency occurs in Éviradnus, where, from beginning to end, all that surrounds the actors in the story lives with a passionate life.
The trees that overhear the plot of Sigismond and Ladislas tremble and moan, and the words that issue from the lips of the miscreants are dark with shadow or red with blood.
The half-ruined castle of Corbus fights with the winter, like a strong man with his enemies; the gargoyles on its towers bark at the winds, the graven monsters on the ramparts snarl and snort, the sculptured lions claw and bite the wind and rain.
In the gloomy halls the griffins seize with their teeth the great beams of the roofs, and the door is afraid of the noise of its own opening.
The very shadows feel fear and the pillars are chilled with terror.
The armour of the horses and the men is terribly alive, and charger and knight make but one monster, clothed in scales of steel.
It is the wrecked and broken ship of Pleine Mer rather than the triumphant vessel of Plein Ciel that is animate.
Ce Titan se rua, joyeux, dans la tempête; Allied with this habit of vivifying the inanimate is the more subtle artifice of transfiguring or magnifying concrete objects, so that they become symbolic without ceasing to be real.
He likes to wrap his poems in a physical atmosphere of brightness or gloom, corresponding to the sentiment which pervades them.
We see the little princess Isora making her toilet in the early morning, when everything is fresh and bright.
It is in the dawn that she loves to play.
But the banquet of death takes place at night in a dimly lighted hall, when the lack of clear light adds to the horror of the scene.
Take again La Rose de l'Infante.
Everything round the little princess is bright: 'le profond jardin rayonnant et fleuri,' 'un grand palais comme au fond d'une gloire,' 'de clairs viviers,' 'des paons étoilés.' The very grass, too, seems to sparkle with diamonds and rubies.
When the trap-door in the hall of Corbus is opened Il en sort de l'ombre, ayant l'odeur du crime, and in the pit are seen D'ombres tâtant le mur et de spectres reptiles.
In Les Pauvres Gens La morte écoute l'ombre avec stupidité.
In Fabrice L'aïeul semble d'ombre et de pierre construit.
The light seems solid in this line from Le Satyre: Son pied fourchu faisait des trous dans la lumière.
Again, in La Conscience, shadow is vast and oppressive: L'ombre des tours faisait la nuit dans les campagnes.
The extraordinary versatility and fecundity of his genius can be appreciated only by those who have read all, or at least much, of his output.
But the first series of the Légende is perhaps that part of the poet's work in which substance and beauty, original thought and vivid expression, are found in the most perfect combination.
Written in middle life, it stands midway between his earlier poetry with its more lyric note and his later work with its deeper and more prophetic tones.
In the Légende, no doubt, are a thousand extravagances, bizarreries, anachronisms, and negligences.
But the greatest poet is not, like the greatest general, he who makes fewest mistakes, but he who expresses the noblest and truest feeling in the noblest and truest language.
So judged, the Légende will take its place amongst the best that the nineteenth century produced in poetry.
LONDON, March, mille neuf cent sept.
Victor-Marie Hugo, son of an officer in Napoleon's army, was born at Besançon on February vingt-six, mille huit cent deux.
He spent a roving and unsettled childhood, for wherever the father was sent the mother and children followed.
The first three years of his life were spent in Elba, where he learnt to speak the Italian dialect spoken in the island in addition to his mother tongue.
Then for three years the family was in Paris and Victor got a little education in a small school.
But in mille huit cent cinq the father was appointed to a post in the army of Naples, and in the autumn of mille huit cent sept his wife and children joined him at Avellino.
There he learnt much from an old soldier, General Lahorie, who, obnoxious to Napoleon for the share he had taken in Moreau's plot, lived secretly in the house, and from an old priest named Larivière, who came every day to teach the three brothers.
There too he played in the garden with the little Adèle Foucher, who afterwards became his wife.
But this quiet home life did not last long.
In mille huit cent onze Madame Hugo set off to join her husband at Madrid, and the boys went with her.
At Madrid they were sent to a school kept by Priests where Victor was not very happy, and from which he got small profit.
Next year the whole family returned to Paris, and in mille huit cent quinze, at the age of thirteen, he was definitely sent to a boarding-school to prepare for the École Polytechnique.
But his was a precocious genius, and he devoted himself, even at school, to verse-writing with greater ardour than to study.
About the same time he became engaged to Adèle Foucher, and wrote for her the romance of Han d'Islande, which, however, was not published till later.
In mille huit cent vingt-deux he and Adèle were married, and in the same year he published his first volume of Odes.
He was now fully launched on a literary career, and for twenty years or more the story of his life is mainly the story of his literary output.
In mille huit cent vingt-sept he published his drama of Cromwell, the preface to which, with its note of defiance to literary convention, caused him to be definitely accepted as the head of the Romantic School of poetry.
Les Orientales, Le dernier jour d'un condamné, Marion de Lorme, and Hernani followed in quick succession.
The revolution of mille huit cent trente disturbed for a moment his literary activity, but as soon as things were quiet again he shut himself in his study with a bottle of ink, a pen, and an immense pile of paper.
For six weeks he was never seen, except at dinner-time, and the result was Notre-Dame de Paris.
In the same year there came to him the greatest sorrow of his life.
His daughter Léopoldine, to whom he was deeply attached, was drowned with her husband during a pleasure excursion on the Seine only a few months after their marriage.
In mille huit cent quarante-cinq Hugo began to take an active part in politics.
Son of a Vendean mother, he had been in early life a fervent royalist, and even in mille huit cent trente he could write of the fallen royal family with respectful sympathy.
Yet by that time his democratic leanings had declared themselves, and he accepted the constitutional monarchy of Louis Philippe only as a step towards a republic, for which he considered France was not yet ripe.
In mille huit cent quarante-cinq the king made him a peer of France, but this did not prevent him from throwing himself with all the ardour of his nature into the revolution of mille huit cent quarante-huit.
Divining the ambition of Louis Napoleon, he resisted his growing power, and when the Second Empire was established the poet was among the first who were exiled from France.
He took refuge first in Jersey, and afterwards in Guernsey, where he lived in a house near the coast, from the upper balcony of which the cliffs of Normandy could sometimes be discerned.
He returned to France on the fall of Napoleon in mille huit cent soixante-dix, to be for fifteen years the idol of the people, who regarded him as the incarnation of the spirit of liberty.
Ce livre est-il donc un fragment? Non.
Il existe à part.
Il a, comme on le verra, son exposition, son milieu et sa fin.
Mais, en même temps, il est, pour ainsi dire, la première page d'un autre livre.
Un commencement peut-il être un tout? Sans doute.
Un péristyle est un édifice.
L'arbre, commencement de la forêt, est un tout.
Il appartient à la vie isolée, par la racine, et à la vie en commun, par la sève.
A lui seul, il ne prouve que l'arbre, mais il annonce la forêt.
Ce livre, s'il n'y avait pas quelque affectation dans des comparaisons de cette nature, aurait, lui aussi, ce double caractère.
Il existe solitairement et forme un tout; il existe solidairement et fait partie d'un ensemble.
Le volume qu'on va lire n'en contient que la première partie, la première série, comme dit le titre.
Quand d'autres volumes se seront joints à celui-ci, de façon à rendre l'oeuvre un peu moins incomplète, cette série d'empreintes, vaguement disposées dans un certain ordre chronologique, pourra former une sorte de galerie de la médaille humaine.
Pour le poète comme pour l'historien, pour l'archéologue comme pour le philosophe, chaque siècle est un changement de physionomie de l'humanité.
On trouvera dans ce volume, qui, nous le répétons, sera continué et complété, le reflet de quelques-uns de ces changements de physionomie.
On y trouvera quelque chose du passé, quelque chose du présent et comme un vague mirage de l'avenir.
Du reste, ces poèmes, divers par le sujet, mais inspirés par la même pensée, n'ont entre eux d'autre noeud qu'un fil, ce fil qui s'atténue quelquefois au point de devenir invisible, mais qui ne casse jamais, le grand fil mystérieux du labyrinthe humain, le Progrès.
Comme dans une mosaïque, chaque pierre a sa couleur et sa forme propre; l'ensemble donne une figure.
La figure de ce livre, on l'a dit plus haut, c'est l'Homme.
Ce volume d'ailleurs, qu'on veuille bien ne pas l'oublier, est à l'ouvrage dont il fait partie, et qui sera mis au jour plus tard, ce que serait à une symphonie l'ouverture.
Il n'en peut donner l'idée exacte et complète, mais il contient une lueur de l'oeuvre entière.
Le poème que l'auteur a dans l'esprit n'est ici qu'entr'ouvert.
Quant à ce volume pris en lui-même, l'auteur n'a qu'un mot à en dire.
Le genre humain, considéré comme un grand individu collectif accomplissant d'époque en époque une série d'actes sur la terre, a deux aspects, l'aspect historique et l'aspect légendaire.
Le second n'est pas moins vrai que le premier; le premier n'est pas moins conjectural que le second.
Qu'on ne conclue pas de cette dernière ligne--disons-le en passant--qu'il puisse entrer dans la pensée de l'auteur d'amoindrir la haute valeur de l'enseignement historique.
Pas une gloire, parmi les splendeurs du génie humain, ne dépasse celle du grand historien philosophe.
L'auteur, seulement, sans diminuer la portée de l'histoire, veut constater la portée de la légende.
Hérodote fait l'histoire, Homère fait la légende.
C'est l'aspect légendaire qui prévaut dans ce volume et qui en colore les poèmes.
Ces poèmes se passent l'un à l'autre le flambeau de la tradition humaine.
Quasi cursores.
C'est ce flambeau, dont la flamme est le vrai, qui fait l'unité de ce livre.
Tous ces poèmes, ceux du moins qui résument le passé, sont de la réalité historique condensée ou de la réalité historique devinée.
La fiction parfois, la falsification jamais; aucun grossissement de lignes; fidélité absolue à la couleur des temps et à l'esprit des civilisations diverses.
Pour citer des exemples, la Décadence romaine n'a pas un détail qui ne soit rigoureusement exact; la barbarie mahométane ressort de Cantemir, à travers l'enthousiasme de l'historiographe turc, telle qu'elle est exposée dans les premières pages de Zim-Zizimi et de Sultan Mourad.
Du reste, les personnes auxquelles l'étude du passé est familière reconnaîtront, l'auteur n'en doute pas, l'accent réel et sincère de tout ce livre.
Un de ces poèmes (Première rencontre du Christ avec le tombeau) est tiré, l'auteur pourrait dire traduit, de l'évangile.
Deux autres (Le Mariage de Roland, Aymerillot) sont des feuillets détachés de la colossale épopée du moyen âge (Charlemagne, emperor à la barbe florie).
Ces deux poèmes jaillissent directement des livres de geste de la chevalerie.
C'est de l'histoire écoutée aux portes de la légende.
Quant au mode de formation de plusieurs des autres poèmes dans la pensée de l'auteur, on pourra s'en faire une idée en lisant les quelques lignes placées en note avant la pièce intitulée Les Raisons du Momotombo; lignes d'où cette pièce est sortie.
L'auteur en convient, un rudiment imperceptible, perdu dans la chronique ou dans la tradition, à peine visible à l'oeil nu, lui a souvent suffi.
Il n'est pas défendu au poète et au philosophe d'essayer sur les faits sociaux ce que le naturaliste essaie sur les faits zoologiques, la reconstruction du monstre d'après l'empreinte de l'ongle ou l'alvéole de la dent.
Ici lacune, là étude complaisante et approfondie d'un détail, tel est l'inconvénient de toute publication fractionnée.
Ces défauts de proportion peuvent n'être qu'apparents.
Le lecteur trouvera certainement juste d'attendre, pour les apprécier définitivement, que La Légende des Siècles ait paru en entier.
Ce qui peut sembler aujourd'hui un développement excessif s'ajustera plus tard à l'ensemble.
Les tableaux riants sont rares dans ce livre; cela tient à ce qu'ils ne sont pas fréquents dans l'histoire.
Comme on le verra, l'auteur, en racontant le genre humain, ne l'isole pas de son entourage terrestre.
Il mêle quelquefois à l'homme, il heurte à l'âme humaine, afin de lui faire rendre son véritable son, ces êtres différents de l'homme que nous nommons bêtes, choses, nature morte, et qui remplissent on ne sait quelles fonctions fatales dans l'équilibre vertigineux de la création.
Tel est ce livre.
L'auteur l'offre au public sans rien se dissimuler de sa profonde insuffisance.
C'est une tentative vers l'idéal.
Rien de plus.
Ce dernier mot a besoin peut-être d'être expliqué.
Il publie aujourd'hui un premier carton de cette esquisse.
Les autres suivront.
Nul ne peut répondre d'achever ce qu'il a commencé, pas une minute de continuation certaine n'est assurée à l'oeuvre ébauchée; la solution de continuité, hélas! c'est tout l'homme; mais il est permis, même au plus faible, d'avoir une bonne intention et de la dire.
Or l'intention de ce livre est bonne.
C'était Ils se battent--combat terrible!--corps à corps.
Et, depuis qu'ils sont là, sombres, ardents, farouches Olivier, sieur de Vienne et comte souverain, Ils luttent de si près avec de sourds murmures, Dit Roland, hâte-toi.
Un batelier caché derrière une chapelle.
--Cours à la ville, et dis à mon père qu'il faut Cependant les héros, assis dans les broussailles, Ils combattent, versant à flots leur sang vermeil.
Dit Roland, je ne sais, mais je me sens malade.
Dit le bel Olivier, le sourire à la lèvre, Dit Roland.
Je riais, je faisais une épreuve.
Le duel reprend.
La mort plane, le sang ruisselle.
Le jour naît, le combat continue à grand bruit; Nul repos.
Seulement, vers le troisième soir, Attend depuis trois jours que son enfant revienne.
Quatre jours sont passés, et l'île et le rivage --C'est mon tour maintenant, et je vais envoyer De ce bâton.--Il dit, et déracine un chêne.
Sire Olivier arrache un orme dans la plaine Plus d'épée en leurs mains, plus de casque à leurs têtes.
Pour la cinquième fois, voici que la nuit tombe.
Tant qu'il nous restera quelque tronçon au poing, Et maintenant buvons, car l'affaire était chaude.-- C'est ainsi que Roland épousa la belle Aude.
Charlemagne, empereur à la barbe fleurie, Cependant il chemine; au bout de trois journées Sur la gauche est la mer aux grandes ondes bleues, Charle, en voyant ces tours tressaille sur les monts.
--Mon sage conseiller, Naymes, duc de Bavière, Le vieux Naymes frissonne à ce qu'il vient d'entendre.
--Alors, achetez-la, car nul ne peut la prendre, L'empereur répondit au duc avec bonté: --On peut bien oublier quelque chose à mon âge.
L'empereur, souriant, reprit d'un air tranquille: --C'est Narbonne.
Et je l'aurai; je n'ai jamais vu, sur ma foi, Alors, voyant passer un comte de haut lieu, Je ne suis désormais bon qu'à congédier; L'empereur ne montra ni trouble ni colère.
--Hugues, dit-il, je suis aise de vous apprendre Hugo de Cotentin salua l'empereur.
--Sire, c'est un manant heureux qu'un laboureur! Le roi laissa tomber sa tête sur son sein.
--Empereur, je suis duc par la grâce de Dieu.
--Tu mis jadis à bas Maugiron le brigand.
--Sire, dit le Gantois, je voudrais être en Flandre.
--Ces bons Flamands, dit Charle, il faut que cela mange.
Je suis pauvre autant qu'un pauvre moine.
Mais tout le grand ciel bleu n'emplirait pas mon coeur.
Charles, plus rayonnant que l'archange céleste, Aymery de Narbonne et comte palatin, Bivar était, au fond d'un bois sombre, un manoir Le héros, le vaillant, le seigneur des pavois, Répondit:--Je n'étais alors que chez le roi.
--Scheik, dit le Cid, je suis maintenant chez mon père.
Qu'est-ce que Sigismond et Ladislas ont dit? Ce n'est pas une bête en son gîte éveillée, Ces hommes qui parlaient, il les a reconnus; Il connaît ce pays qu'il parcourut naguère.
Le mur d'enceinte étant presque partout détruit, --Page, dit ce chercheur d'aventures sublimes, Il s'approche un moment de la table où les verres Pareil aux autres, froid, la visière abattue, Tout est silencieux dans la salle terrible.
Écoutez!--Comme un nid qui murmure invisible, Et voici qu'à travers la grande forêt brune La mélodie encor quelques instants se traîne Soudain, au seuil lugubre apparaissent trois têtes --Mon grand Joss, mon petit Zéno, venez ici.
Zéno pâlit.
Mais Joss:--ça, des aïeux! J'en ris.
--C'est que ce n'est point là votre état, dit Mahaud.
--Bien dit, reprit Zéno.
C'est un lieu de prodiges.
Mahaud frémit.
Va bientôt m'endormir d'une façon très noire; Dit Joss; et Zéno dit:--Je le jure.
Et, riant et chantant, ils s'en vont vers la table.
--Je fais Joss chambellan et Zéno connétable, Le narcotique éteint ses yeux d'ombre enivrés; Zéno lui prend la main qui retombe.
Dit Zéno; maintenant, vite, tirons au sort.
Dans ces deux profils d'homme un oeil de tigre brille.
--Frère, dit Joss, parlons politique à présent.
Le marquisat; celui qui perd a la marquise.
--Bien Qui souffle bêtement et qu'on prend pour quelqu'un.
--Je n'ai peur de rien, que d'être à jeun, --Finissons.
Que le sort décide.
J'ai trouvé la Lusace au fond de ce cornet.
Zéno dit: J'ai la fille.
Eh bien! je le préfère.
--Elle est belle, dit Joss.
--Un cadavre.
La créature m'a tout à l'heure insulté.
--Dans l'ombre.
Quand au lieu d'une femme ils trouveront deux hommes? --Tous se prosterneront en sachant qui nous sommes! --Où va cette oubliette? Au néant; finissons.
Spectre aux yeux fulgurants, Que vos têtes, ô rois des crimes et des trames, Ils se regardent, fous, brisés, courbant le front, Joss bégaie:--Oui, la nuit nous tient.
Pas de refuge.
--Grâce! Le vengeur en travers de votre affreux chemin; Et son doigt est tourné vers le gouffre.
Ils s'agenouillent.
Ne nous emmène pas dans ton morne royaume! Spectre! La figure qui tient l'épée est immobile, --Princes, votre façon d'être lâches me gêne.
Un sévère sapin, vieilli dans l'Appenzell, Sigismond s'est dressé comme un dogue en arrêt; Le grand chevalier dit, regardant l'un et l'autre: Éviradnus n'a plus que sa veste d'Utrecht.
Sigismond, sous ce mort qui plane, ivre d'horreur, Il reporte Mahaud sur le fauteuil ducal.
--La chose n'a pas fait une goutte de sang; Mourad, fils du sultan Bajazet, fut un homme D'Aden et d'Erzeroum il fit de larges fosses, Législateur horrible et pire conquérant, Il était le faucheur, la terre était le pré.
On distinguait, avec un tremblement sublime, Et tout frémissait, tout, l'aube et l'obscurité, Celui qu'en bégayant nous appelons Esprit, Et dans l'ombre hurlait tout un gouffre, la terre.
--Fais-toi belle; un seigneur va venir; il est bon; Et le marquis, parlant aux femmes, leur prenait Oh! quand sa mère était toute petite fille, Et, pleurant, il offrait à l'enfant des dragées.
Ses blêmes cheveux blancs couronnent sa pâleur; Matha, fixant sur lui ses beaux yeux inhumains, Fabrice lentement lève sa tête chauve Un reître avec le doigt fait signe au roi que non.
Semble, droit et glacé parmi les fers de lance, Le roi dit:--Préparez les coins et les crampons.
Fabrice, sans qu'un mot d'entre ses lèvres sorte, Mais l'aïeul semble d'ombre et de pierre construit; --Le brodequin! A toi, bourreau! dit le roi d'Arle.
Le bourreau vient, la foule effarée écoutait.
On entend l'os crier, mais la bouche se tait.
Toujours prêt à frapper le prisonnier en traître, --Attends que je te fasse un signe, dit Ratbert.
Hais cadet, toi marquis, mais bâtard, si tu donnes Le vieillard semble sourd et muet.
Eh bien! tu vas pleurer, dit le fauve empereur.
Est un être enviable auprès de moi.
Va, pille, Le voyant à genoux sur son ange dormant, Le porte-glaive fit, n'étant qu'un misérable, Et voici ce qu'on vit dans ce même instant-là: L'horreur fut inouïe; et tous, se retournant, L'ombre couvre à présent Ratbert, l'homme de nuit.
Le glaive qui frappa ne fut point aperçu; Elle est toute petite, une duègne la garde.
La douce enfant sourit, ne faisant autre chose Le jour s'éteint; les nids chuchotent, querelleurs; Pendant que l'enfant rit, cette fleur à la main, C'est lui; l'homme en qui vit et tremble le royaume.
Telle est la vision qui, dans l'heure où nous sommes, Philippe deux était une chose terrible.
Charles fut le vautour, Philippe est le hibou.
En partant du golfe d'Otrante, Tom Robin, matelot de Douvre, En partant du golfe d'Otrante, En Calabre, une Tarentaise En partant du golfe d'Otrante, A Naple, Ëbid, de Macédoine, En partant du golfe d'Otrante, Autre perte.
En partant du golfe d'Otrante, Mon père, ce héros au sourire si doux, Que savons-nous? qui donc connaît le fond des choses? Les enfants, entendant cette roue et ce pas, Tous regardaient.
Où le monstre attendait sa torture dernière, Alors, lâchant la pierre échappée à sa main, Bonté de l'idiot! diamant du charbon! Il est nuit.
La cabane est pauvre, mais bien close.
L'homme est en mer.
Depuis l'enfance matelot, Elle prie, et la mauve au cri rauque et moqueur Ces mornes visions troublent son coeur, pareil De pêcheurs! c'est affreux de se dire: Mes âmes, Jeannie est bien plus triste encor.
Son homme est seul! Elle prend sa lanterne et sa cape.--C'est l'heure Tout à coup à ses yeux qui cherchent le chemin, --Tiens! je ne pensais plus à cette pauvre veuve, Elle frappe à la porte, elle écoute; personne Elle entra.
Ce monde, enveloppé d'une brume éternelle, Le vent de l'infini sur ce monde souffla.
Ce monde est mort.
Il court Une musique, un chant, sort de son tourbillon.
Si l'on pouvait rouvrir les yeux que le ver ronge, Par moments la tempête accourt, le ciel pâlit, Qu'importe le moment? qu'importe la saison? Qu'importe? il va.
Stupeur! se pourrait-il que l'homme s'élançât? Oh! franchir l'éther! songe épouvantable et beau! Un Jason de l'azur, depuis longtemps parti, Ciel! ainsi, comme on voit aux voûtes des celliers Pas si loin! pas si haut! redescendons.
Restons Oui, l'aube s'est levée.
Et ce clairon semblait, au seuil profond des cieux, Ce qui jamais ne meurt, ce qui jamais ne change, Il semblait un réveil songeant près d'un chevet.
Oh! quelle nuit! là, rien n'a de contour ni d'âge; Un jour en sortira qu'on entendra sept fois.
Je le considérais dans les vapeurs funèbres Et l'immobilité de tous les cimetières, Ce clairon avait l'air de savoir le secret.
On sentait que le râle énorme de ce cuivre Oh! dans l'esprit de l'homme où tout vacille et fuit, Oui,  c'est vrai,--c'est du moins jusque-là que l'oeil plonge,-- O lever en sursaut des larves pêle-mêle! Pensif, je regardais l'incorruptible airain.
Une sinistre main sortait de l'infini.
The passage relating to Cain occurs in the sixth book, called Les Vengeances.
The following extracts indicate the spirit in which the author dealt with his theme.
Il avoit peur de tout, et il avoit peur de lui It is clear that if the poem suggested the subject to Hugo it suggested nothing else.
With Caïn may be compared Le Parricide, one of the mille huit cent cinquante-neuf series, which is also inspired by the theme of the guilty conscience pursuing the murderer.
In this case remorse is symbolized by a drop of blood which falls upon the head of the criminal wherever he goes.
Assur, English Asshur; the name occurs in the marginal rendering of Gen.
deux (Revised Version).
The names of persons and their descriptions are taken from the account of Cain's descendants in Gen.
Jabel, English Jabal, son of Lamech, a descendant of Cain and Adah.
'He was the father of such as dwell in tents and have cattle.' Tsilla, English Zillah, one of Lamech's wives.
Jubal, the brother of Jabal.
'He was the father of all such a handle the harp and pipe.' Hénoch, English Enoch, Cain's son.
Tubalcaïn, English Tubal-cain, the son of Lamech and his wife Zillah.
He was 'the forger of every cutting instrument of brass and iron.' Seth was the third son of Adam and Eve, and Énos was the son of Seth.
Iblis, one of the names used in the Koran for the Spirit of Evil.
He was a spirit who refused to prostrate himself before Adam at the command of the Almighty, and was therefore expelled from Eden.
Instead of being immediately destroyed, however, he was given a respite till the Day of Judgement.
The word is derived from the Arabic balas, wicked.
Another tradition, not found in the Koran, is that Iblis was a warrior angel whom the Almighty sent to exterminate the Djinns, the beings, half men, half angels, who inhabited the country of the Genii.
Instead of performing this command, the spirit rebelled and was cast down into hell.
It is hardly necessary to add that Hugo's story is of his own invention.
Bonté (see heading), one of Hugo's favourite words for expressing the moral attributes of the Almighty power.
The theme that God is goodness, which is more than justice, is developed in Dieu: La Lumière.
La justice, c'est vous, l'humanité; mais Dieu Compare also the concluding lines of Le Crapaud.
The word has no exact equivalent in English.
It comprehends kindness, tenderness, and gentleness.
It may be interesting to note that Hugo was fond of comparing an object composed of a centre and rays to a spider.
In other passages the spider is a type of the unpleasant.
La nuit, qui sert de fond au guet mystérieux See also the passage from La Bouche d'Ombre, quoted in the notes to Le Crapaud.
There was a Judith, daughter of Beer the Hittite, one of the wives of Esau (Gen.
trente-quatre).
Hugo may or may not have had this personage in his mind.
Hugo is not always accurate in his local colouring.
Asphodels are not found in Palestine.
Galgala, the form found in the Septuagint and Vulgate of the place-name Gilgal.
Les grelots des troupeaux.
Here, again, Hugo is inaccurate.
Sheep in Palestine do not have bells attached to them.
The name seems to be of Hugo's own invention.
It was a trick of the poet's to make proper names suit the exigencies of rime, as in this instance, in which 'Jérimadeth rimes with' demandait.
It is impossible to name the period to which Hugo is referring in this poem more precisely than by saying that it is the age of Rome under the Empire.
As will be seen from the notes, the personages and events alluded to are not all contemporaneous.
It was enough for Hugo that they were typical of the Roman decadence.
The festival of Trimalcion is an episode in the Satyricon of Petronius Arbiter, the poem in which are described all the excesses of Roman luxury and debauchery.
Petronius Arbiter lived in the time of Claudius.
Hugo is guilty of one of his inaccuracies here.
Lesbia was the lady to whom the poems of Catullus (quatre-vingt-sept-quarante-sept B.C.?) were addressed, while Delia, who is mentioned below in connexion with Catullus, was in reality the mistress of Tibullus Crassus.
Hugo no doubt refers to Monsieur Licinius Crassus (died cinquante-trois B.C.), the Triumvir, who, when praetor, led an army against the revolted gladiators under Spartacus.
He twice defeated them and subsequently crucified or hung, along the road from Capua to Rome, six thousand slaves who had been taken prisoners.
Epaphroditus, a freedman and favourite of the Emperor Nero, was the master of Epictetus, the lame slave and Stoic philosopher, who was amongst the greatest of pagan moralists.
Epaphroditus, who treated his slave with great cruelty, is said to have been one day twisting his leg for amusement.
Epictetus said, 'If you continue, you will break my leg.' Epaphroditus went on, the leg was broken, and Epictetus only said, 'Did un not tell you that you would break it?' Hugo seems to have in mind the short reigns of Galba (r.
A.D.
soixante-huit-neuf), Otho (r.
A.D.
soixante-neuf), and Vitellius (r.
A.D.
soixante-neuf), all of whom perished by violence.
Vitellius was famous even among the later Romans for his gluttony and voracious appetite.
During the four months of his reign he is said to have spent seven millions sterling on the pleasures of his table.
When at last the people rose against him, and the soldiers proclaimed another emperor, Vitellius was found hiding in his palace.
He was dragged out into the Forum and killed on the Gemoniae (les Gémonies), a staircase which went up the Capitoline Hill and on which the corpses of criminals were exposed before being thrown into the Tiber.
This is the Escalier referred to in the next line.
These tortures were not known in Rome.
They suggest rather the Middle Ages.
le cirque.
The circus where chariot-races took place.
Hugo seems to be confusing it with the Colosseum, where the gladiatorial combats were fought.
Le noir gouffre cloaque.
The Cloaca Maxima was the great sewer of Rome.
It is still in existence and in use.
Hugo here first makes it the symbol of the destruction towards which the Roman Empire was tending, and then treats it half as a concrete reality, half as a figure for some underworld in which dethroned but living emperors meet.
This blending of the symbol and the thing symbolized is characteristic of the poet.
chiffres du fatal nombre: the figures or digits that stand for the doomed number, i.e.
the number with which a doomed man is marked.
Attila, the famous king of the Huns, 'the Scourge of God' as he was called, reigned A.D.
quatre cent trente-quatre-cinquante-trois.
The poem is founded on the 'Chanson de Girart de Viane,' one of the Carolingian cycles of epic poems, written by Bertrand de Bar-sur-Aube, a poet of Champagne who lived in the first half of the thirteenth century.
The story, as told in the Chanson, is as follows:-- Girard, or Girart, the son of Garin of Montglave, a poor nobleman, goes with his brother Renier to the court of Charlemagne to seek his fortune.
After being at court for some time he quarrelled with the Emperor, owing to the latter marrying the widow of Aubery, duc de Bourgogne, who was pledged to Girart.
As a compensation for the loss of his bride, he was given the Comté of Vienne, in Dauphiné.
When he presented himself before Charlemagne to do homage, the queen, whose affection for her old lover had changed to contempt, forced him by a trick to kiss her foot instead of that of her husband.
Some time after, Girart learnt the truth, and, furious at the insult placed upon him, he rebelled against his sovereign.
Renier, who had been made duke of Genoa, with his son Olivier and his daughter 'la belle Aude,' came to help him.
Charlemagne besieged Vienne with a great army, and amongst his warriors was his nephew Roland, who was his principal champion, just as Olivier was that of Girart.
A siege, like that of Troy, ensued, many doughty deeds being done by the two heroes.
In the course of the fighting Roland sees Aude and falls in love with her.
He takes her prisoner, and almost succeeds in carrying her off to his tent, but Olivier rescues her.
Finally, it is agreed that the quarrel between the monarch and his vassal shall be settled by a duel between the two champions.
Needless to say, the latter fall in readily with the proposal.
Olivier is armed by an aged Jew, Joachim, who with others of his nation had fled to Vienne with Pontius Pilate after the Crucifixion, and had not yet succeeded in dying.
The combat takes place in an island in the Rhone, and la Belle Aude, with mingled feelings, watches from a window her brother and her lover contending for victory.
The struggle is full of tremendous incident.
At the outset each of the champions cuts the horse of the other in two and the fight is continued on foot.
Olivier's sword is broken, and Roland invites him to send for another and take a little rest and refreshment.
A boatman goes to Vienne and procures from the old Jew a famous sword, called Hauteclere, and some wine.
The fight is renewed and lasts till nightfall, when an angel descends from heaven, and orders the two heroes to be reconciled and to fight together against the Saracens.
The warriors embrace and Olivier promises Roland the hand of his sister.
Such was the beginning of the friendship of the two mighty champions ofChristendom.
Hugo's poem, however, is not based directly on the story, but on a modern prose adaptation by Achille Jubinal which appeared in Le Journal du Dimanche in mille huit cent quarante-six.
Hugo omitted from his adaptation two incidents of great poetic interest, namely, the picture of Aude watching the fight, and the miraculous intervention of the angel.
He has, on the other hand, inserted the barbaric incident of the fight with trees.
He has eliminated, that is to say, the tender and the religious elements from the story and made it simply the narrative of a Homeric combat, with more than a touch of the grotesque.
When Ferragus is worn out with fighting, Roland watches over him while he sleeps, and on his awakening enters into a theological discussion with him in the hope of converting him to Christianity.
When this pious desire fails, the combat is renewed.
Saint Michael is described in Rev.
sept-neuf as fighting against Satan and casting him out of heaven.
Hugo is mistaken in his description of Olivier, who was not lord of Vienne and a sovereign count, but only the son of Renier, duke of Genoa.
The only statement in these two lines which is correct is that his grandfather was Garin.
As already noted, in the original story it is an aged Jew who arms Olivier for the fight.
Rollon (English Rollo) was the Norse pirate who invaded France in A.D.
neuf cent douze and founded the Duchy of Normandy.
The reference to him is of course an anachronism.
estoc (c pronounced), a long narrow sword used for thrusting.
cimier (from Latin cyma, the young sprout of a cabbage), the crest on the helmet.
Roland's sword, Durandal, which was given him by Charlemagne, plays the same part in the French Chansons as Siegfried's sword Balmung in the Nibelunglied, or Excalibur in the Arthurian cycle.
Other forms of the name are Durendas, Durrenda, Durandarda.
en franc neveu du roi, like a real or genuine nephew of the king.
Tournon, a town situated on the right bank of the Rhone, in the department of Ardèche.
It still produces a well-known wine, called Vins de l'Ermitage.
Here is a curious mistake, which Jubinal originated and Hugo copied.
Closamont was the original possessor of the sword, not another name for the weapon.
The lines in the 'Chanson de Girart de Viane' are:-- Une en aporte ke molt fut onoree.
Sinnagog or Sinnagos was the Saracen king of Alexandria with whose attack on the castle of Garin, Olivier's grandfather, the story of 'Girart de Viane' begins.
This is another deviation from tradition, as we have it in the Carolingian cycle.
Roland never married Aude.
He was still betrothed to her when he fell at Roncesvalles.
The poem on part of which this is based is an anonymous Chanson written in the thirteenth century and belonging to the cycle known as the cycle of Guillaume.
The story is as follows.
Charlemagne is returning from Spain, after the defeat at Roncesvalles, his army discouraged, his knights exhausted, and wishing only to be at home and in comfort.
Suddenly he catches sight of a city, surrounded by a crenelated wall, splendid within, with a palace the roofs of which shine in the sun, its feet bathed in the sea, which is covered by the ships of its commerce.
Charlemagne wishes to attack it, but the duke of Bavaria advises him to let it alone; it is garrisoned by thousands of pagans and his men are exhausted.
The Emperor addresses several of his barons in turn, offering to each the city if he will take it.
One and all refuse: Charlemagne upbraids them for their cowardice, bids them go home, and declares he will take the town by himself.
Then Hernaut de Beaulande brings forward his son Aimeri, who volunteers to undertake the task.
With the aid of one hundred barons he captures the city and is made Count of Narbonne.
Hugo has selected the first and the best part of the Chanson for modernization.
Léon Gautier (Les Épopeés françaises) says: 'Rien n'égale en majesté le début de ce poème, dont le dénoûment est presque trivial...
Rien de plus ennuyeux que le récit de tant de combats contre les Sarrasins; rien de plus attachant que le tableau de ce grand désespoir de Charlemagne à la vue de Narbonne, dont aucun de ses Barons ne veut entreprendre la conquête.
Yet these stories did little more than furnish the framework for the poem, by far the greater part of which is the original work of Hugo.
à la barbe fleurie, white-bearded.
Expression taken from the Chanson.
In mediaeval poetry Charlemagne is always described as an old man.
Roncevaux, which we call by the Spanish name Roncesvalles, is the valley in the Pyrenees where Charlemagne's rearguard was attacked and cut to pieces by the Moors during his retreat from Spain.
Ganelon, the knight through whose treachery the defeat of Charlemagne at Roncesvalles was brought about.
les douze pairs.
The twelve Paladins of tradition, who formed Charlemagne's Round Table.
These words are taken almost verbatim from Jubinal's adaptation of the story in the Musée des Familles.
Jubinal's words are: 'L'etcheco-sauna (le laboureur des montagnes) est rentré chez lui avec son chien; il a embrassé sa femme et ses enfants.
Il a nettoyé ses flèches ainsi que sa corne de boeuf, et les ossements des héros qui ne sont plus blanchissent déjà pour l'éternité.' In a note Jubinal says: 'Ces paroles sont empruntées au chant basque d'Altabicar.' Son cheval syrien.
In the Chanson Charlemagne rides on a mulet de Sulie (Syrie).
Jubinal changed the mule into a horse.
This is one of the points of detail which show that Hugo followed the modern author.
The city, as we learn subsequently, was Narbonne.
Narbonne is on the west coast of the Gulf of Lyons, near the eastern end of the Pyrenees.
Originally a Roman colony, it was one of the chief seats of the Visigoths, from whom it was taken by the Saracens, when they overran Southern France.
Charlemagne took it from the latter in sept cent cinquante-neuf.
Till the fourteenth century it was a port, but the sand has blocked up the harbour and the town is now some distance from the sea.
mâchicoulis, battlements; or, more exactly, a gallery round the tower with openings in it from which projectiles could be hurled upon an enemy below.
The word is one of Hugo's favourite adjectives, and is used to suggest a bright vivid red, and almost invariably in connexion with objects that have pleasurable associations.
The following are a few typical instances of its use:-- 'L'aube vermeille.' (Les Feuilles d'Automne: Madame, autour de vous.) 'Les cônes vermeils' (du palais dans les nuages).
The word is used with a bold extension of meaning in Les Voix Intérieures: A Eugène, where the appetite of boyhood is called 'l'appétit vermeil.' dromon, mediaeval warship, worked by oars and sail, the ancestor of the galley.
The word is also used, as apparently here, for merchantmen.
Béarnais, inhabitant of Béarn, the province in the Pyrenees from which Henri quatre came.
This is of course a mistake for Saracens or Moors.
The word occurs in the original poem, Jubinal copied it, and Hugo copied Jubinal.
The original, it maybe noted, had 'trente mille Turcs,' Jubinal cut them down to 'vingt mille.' Hugo's 'vingt mille' is another detail which shows that his poem is based on Jubinal's adaptation.
The Old French adjective meant 'valiant.' At the present time the word is only used in the phrase preux chevalier.
Preux as a noun is rare, but de Vigny has 'Charlemagne et ses preux.' je ne farde guère: un speak without affectation.
Farder used absolutely in this way is rare.
rendus: knocked up, overdone.
arbalètes, crossbows.
gentil, used in its original sense of 'noble'.
maillot, Old French form of maillet, a mace or club.
salade, head-piece worn by knights, a word used in the fifteenth, sixteenth, and seventeenth centuries.
duché, which is now masculine, was formerly of the feminine gender.
liais, lias; pierre de liais is Portland stone.
douve, as a term in fortification, means the wall of a ditch.
estramaçon, a long, straight, two-edged sword.
The word is of Italian origin and first came into use in the sixteenth century.
In an adaptation of a thirteenth-century Chanson it is out of place, as is salade above.
escarcelle, a kind of large purse which was carried at the belt.
l cent quatre-vingt-treize.
The reference to the Sorbonne, which was founded in mille deux cent cinquante-deux, is of course an anachronism.
See note on MARIAGE DE ROLAND.
In the Middle Ages the word was used of a young man of good birth who, being too poor to raise his own standard, fought under the banner of a knight, but not as a squire.
The juxtaposition of Je suis bachelier with Je sais lire en latin has given rise to the suspicion that Hugo, who found the word in one of Jubinal's articles, understood it in the modern sense.
In the absence of further evidence, however, the poet may be considered entitled to a verdict of 'not proven'.
Bivar, in Spanish Vivar, was the name of the ancestral home of the Cid.
It is a castle near Burgos, in which the Cid was born in mille quarante.
patio (Spanish), a court or open space in front of a house.
The ti is pronounced as in French question.
buenos dias=good day.
l dix-huit.
The full name of the Cid was Rodrigue Ruy Diaz de Bivar, or in Spanish Rodrigo Diaz de Vivar.
The Spanish word campeador, derived from campear, to be eminent in the field, signifies excellent, pre-eminent, and was the title given to their champion by the Spaniards, The Moors called him the Cid, i.e.
Seid, an Arabic word for chief.
pavois, an old word for a large shield, which protected the whole body, and on which the Franks raised the king whom they had elected.
richomme, from the Spanish ricohombre, a title given to the Barons of Aragon.
servidumbre (Spanish), an establishment of servants.
In Spanish the last syllable is sounded.
As far as is known, the story is of Hugo's own invention.
The epoch may be supposed to be the later Middle Ages, the place anywhere in Teuton lands.
The proper names are mostly of Hugo's own invention; some are, however, echoes from German mediaeval history.
The poem and another called Le Petit Roi de Galice form a section of the Légende called Les Chevaliers Errants.
l un.
There was a Ladislaus, King of Poland, in the fourteenth, and a Sigismund, Emperor of Germany, in the fifteenth century.
But the personages of the poem are in reality wholly imaginary.
stryge (written also strige), a vampire or demon that wanders about at night.
Derived from Latin striga, a bird of night, or a witch.
lémure: Lémures (the singular is very rare) is the Latin lemures, the disembodied spirits which haunted houses and caused terror to the living.
val, valley, The word is now little used and only in poetry, except in the phrase par monts et par vaux.
See note on AYMERILLOT, l cinquante-quatre.
munster (German), cathedral.
bauges, properly the lairs of wild boars.
Amadis, commonly called Amadis of Gaul, the hero of a celebrated mediaeval poem, written originally in Spanish, which recounts his heroism in war and constancy in love.
He is the typical knight-errant and true lover.
This is Baldwin, brother of Godfrey of Bouillon.
He became King of Jerusalem and died in mille cent dix-huit.
During the Crusade he went on a pilgrimage to the Holy City.
Sir G.Young in his Poems from Victor Hugo suggests that Corbus may stand for Cottbus, the capital of Old or Lower Lusatia.
burg (German), a castle.
guivre (also written givre), a heraldic term meaning a serpent.
drée, a fantastic stone ornament.
fôhn (German Föhn), the south wind.
le Grand Dormant: Frederick Barbarossa, who, tradition says, never died, but is still sleeping in a cave.
roture, i.e.
his position as a peasant.
Roture is derived from the Latin ruptura, the action of breaking the earth, and is the base of the common word roturier.
relève, used in its feudal sense of 'to hold of'; the castle was not feudally dependent on the city.
deux cent quatorze, i.e.
the castle reflects the history of the ancient kings.
les deux haches de pierre.
This is said figuratively and alludes to the deeds of Attila, who ravaged the Eastern Empire and extended his dominions almost to the Ural Mountains, whilst later on, crossing the Rhine, he attacked the Goths of Southern France and Spain.
Lusace, Latin Lusatia, German Lausitz, was a district between the Elbe and the Oder, in what is now the kingdom of Saxony.
But the name has no significance.
The personages and places in the poem are in reality all imaginary.
la griffe is the claw of a beast or bird of prey; la serre is the foot of a bird of prey.
Sortent de leur tenaille.
A somewhat obscure expression.
Apparently tenaille is used in the sense of 'vice', and the words mean 'are of their manufacture or moulding.' L.
deux cent quatre-vingt-onze.
i.e.
the Emperor is the superior in rank.
See note on AYMERILLOT, L.
l'ordre teutonique, the Order of Teutonic Knights.
Originally founded to protect the Christians in Palestine, the Teutonic Knights received domains in Italy and Germany from the Pope and Emperor, conquered Prussia (mille deux cent vingt-huit), and established there a military power which lasted four centuries.
In Greek legend the hydra was a serpent with seven heads, and, when one of them was cut off, two grew in its place.
It is Hugo's favourite figure for cruelty or tyranny.
Lusace consisted of two margraviates, the upper and the lower.
elle a peur du fleuron, i.e.
she is afraid to be marchioness.
The flower-shaped ornaments in a crown are called fleurons.
A marquis's coronet was adorned with 'fleurons' alternating with pearls and the contrast between the pointed 'fleuron' and the round pearl suggests the figure employed in the next line.
tribunaux d'amour, or cours d'amour, were the celebrated courts of the Middle Ages, presided over by ladies of high rank, which gave judgement in cases of love and gallantry and laid down laws for lovers.
They existed principally in France, especially in Southern France.
trois cent soixante-neuf.
The Wends were a Slav people who lived in Lusatia, but the name Thassilo is Bavarian.
See note on PLEINE MER, l.cent sept.
Fenris: the great wolf of Scandinavian mythology whose growth was such that the gods in fear chained him to a rock.
Some day his upper jaw will touch the sky, while his lower still rests on earth, and then Odin will tremble for his throne.
le serpent Asgar.
This serpent is probably of Hugo's invention and its name taken from the mythical city of the Scandinavians, Asgard, built by the gods and in which they often resided.
l'archange Attila.
This is not the king of the Huns, nor is he one of the known archangels.
However, as the Scriptures mention only three archangels, Gabriel, Michael, and Raphael, out of the seven, Hugo may or may not be right in speaking of an archangel of the name of Attila.
Le grand chandelier brought from the lower regions by the archangel is merely a poetic fancy and a reminiscence of the seven-branched candlestick of the tabernacle (Exod.
trente et un-sept).
Actaeon in Greek mythology was a hunter who saw Diana bathing, and was in consequence changed by the goddess into a stag.
quatre cent trente-sept.
chanfrein, the piece of armour which covered the head of the horse.
Les chatons des cuissards sont barris de leurs clés.
A difficult line.
The chatons were the studs or screws which held the thigh-piece (cuissard) in its place, and the instrument which worked them was called la clé.
Barrés appears to mean simply 'fastened'.
Sir G.Young translates:-- 'Their cuissart-studs up to the socket braced' boutoir, the sharp spike on the knee-piece.
The word refers to the visor with seven bars, which was one of the marks of a marquis's rank.
The round cap which was the ancient emblem of sovereignty in France.
It was worn by barons who possessed full powers of administering justice in their domains, also by the presidents of the 'parlements', and by the chancellors.
A modified form is still part of the official dress of some of the judges of the highest courts.
It will be noted that the antiquities in this passage are French, not German.
tortil, a ribbon twisted round a crown, the special ornament of a baron, not of a duke.
It also signifies in heraldry a circular band or pad to which heraldic negroes' heads were attached.
rondache, a round shield.
quatre cent quatre-vingt-douze.
hydre: see note on L.
trois cent vingt-trois.
timbre, in heraldry, signifies anything placed above the escutcheon to mark the rank of the person to whom it belonged.
Here Hugo seems to use it of the shield, perhaps because the triangular shield was a mark of knightly rank.
fauves, here 'terrible'.
A chapter might be written on Hugo's bold and occasionally strange uses of this word.
Its primary meaning is either 'dull red' or 'tawny', but in Hugo's poetry it is used rather as a somewhat vague epithet to suggest darkness, gloom, cruelty, savagery, or oppressive power.
It never denotes merely a physical quality; in such expressions as 'leur fauve volée', speaking of the ravens in La Fin de Satan, 'le désert fauve' (Androclès), 'son bec fauve', of the vulture (Sultan Mourad), the suggestion of wildness or ruthlessness predominates.
Usually the word is used in a wholly figurative sense.
Thus in La Fin de Satan the fallen archangel, flying from Jehovah, is 'fauve et hagard', Barabbas stumbling against the Cross is 'fauve', and of the lunatic in the tombs it is said: 'fauve il mordait'.
In all these cases the meaning is 'wild','savage '.
In Dieu we have `Vénus, fauve et fatale' ('cruel'), in L'Ane les canons dont les fauves gueulées' ('terrible'), in L'Année Terrible'un hallier fauve où des sabres fourmillent' ('wild'), and France is called upon to be 'franchement fauve et sombre' ('fierce').
In the following passages we have bolder uses still: Le  progrès a parfois l'allure vaste et fauve ('awe-inspiring') If man had been unselfish, L'ombre immense serait son fauve auxiliaire.
(Ibid.) Of war, Elle chantait, terrible et tranquille, et sa bouche It is applied even to sound.
'Le fauve bruit' is used in L'Ane of the battles of primeval monsters, and more mystically in La Vision d'où sortit le livre of the passing of the Spirit of Fatality.
Also of smell Que l'homme au ciel s'égare ou qu'il fanatise Nor must the strange well-known line in La Bouche d'Ombre be forgotten Le fauve Univers est le forçat de Dieu.
Fauve is always used of what is dark and gloomy, just as vermeil is always applied to what is bright and pleasant.
See note on LE MARIAGE DE ROLAND.
A heraldic figure, half woman, half serpent, bathing in a basin.
Taken from the name of a fairy, celebrated in the folklore of Poitou.
alérion, a heraldic figure, representing an eagle without beak or claws.
le manche d'une guitare is the small end.
bourguignotte, a small helmet without throat-piece, so called because it was first used by the Burgundians.
_Diane éblouissait le pâtre: a reference to the `old sweet mythos,' as Browning calls it, of Diana, the goddess of the Moon, stooping from heaven to kiss the shepherd Endymion, as he lay asleep on Mount Latmos.
Rhodope, the wife of Haemus, king of Thrace, who was changed into a mountain because she thought herself more beautiful than Hera.
The allusions are to the quarrels between the Greek and Roman Churches.
A little wind instrument in shape like a flageolet, with three holes.
It was played with the left hand, while the right beat a tambourine.
It was peculiar to Languedoc and Provence.
marche, German Mark, military frontier.
In the original edition of mille huit cent cinquante-neuf the word was L'épée.
The valley of Josaphat or Jehosaphat is between Jerusalem and the Mount of Olives, and according to both Jewish and Moslem tradition is to be the place of the Last Judgment.
This tradition may be based on Joel iii.
douze, or on the meaning of the word Josaphat, which is, 'Jehovah will judge,' or on both.
goules, from Arabic ghul.
English ghoul.
The creatures who, according to Eastern superstition, devour dead bodies.
lamies, from Lat.
lamia, a fabulous being possessing the head of a woman and the body of a sea-serpent, which was supposed to devour children.
en rupture de ban.
Rompre le ban is to set at defiance a decree of banishment, the punishment for which was death.
un dogue en arrêt.
The name dogue is given to a kind of large dog, akin to a bloodhound, but the term is not correctly used here, as en arrêt means pointing.
See note on AYMERILLOT.
In his preface to the volume of mille huit cent cinquante-neuf Hugo appeals to the history of the Turks by Cantemir as a justification for his picture of Sultan Mourad.
This was Demetrius Cantemir (mille six cent soixante-treize-mille sept cent vingt-trois), who had a remarkable history, and wrote a valuable book.
Though not a Turk, he attached himself to the Turks, and fought under the banner of the Crescent during his early life.
In mille sept cent dix he was made Waiwode, or Governor, of Moldavia, Then, deserting the setting for the rising sun, he allied himself with Czar Peter the Great, then at war with Turkey.
But the campaign was unsuccessful, and Cantemir, flying from Moldavia, took refuge in the Ukraine.
For the rest of his life he divided his time between study and instructing the Moldavians who had accompanied him.
He is said to have spoken Persian, Turkish, Arabic, modern Greek, Russian, Moldavian, and Italian.
The work to which Hugo refers was a history of the aggrandizement and decadence of the Ottoman Empire.
Written in Latin, and translated subsequently into English, French, and German, it was long the standard work on the subject.
It does not seem probable that Hugo had any particular Sultan in mind when he delineated Sultan Mourad.
Indeed the geography of the poem suggests that he is depicting an idealized Oriental tyrant.
The nearest approximation to the monster to be found in the pages of Cantemir is Ammath quatre (r.
mille six cent vingt-trois-quarante), of whose cruelty and bloodthirstiness the historian gives a vivid account.
His principal exploit was the taking of Bagdad from the Persians, on which occasion he slaughtered un of the citizens in cold blood.
For Hugo's conception of the power and influence of the Turkish Empire when at its zenith, see Le Rhin: Conclusion, deux, trois.
Liban is Lebanon.
The word is used with the heraldic sense.
The so-called Temple of Theseus (its real dedication is doubtful) stands on a low hill just outside Athens.
It is in a state of almost perfect preservation.
The nails which crowded its woodwork were doubtless those on which the heads of slaughtered Greeks were fastened.
Of course in the Greek temple there was no woodwork, except possibly in the roof.
cangiar, a short Turkish sword, with an almost straight blade, having a single edge.
Naxos is an island in the South Aegean Sea; Ancyra, a town in Asia Minor.
A curious use of the word.
It appears to mean `worthy of epic poetry,' i.e.
the spectres were those of great heroic men.
In Les Chants du Crépuscule Hugo has 'des grenadiers épiques' (Napoléon deux).
Elea, Megara, are towns in Greece, Famagusta is in Cyprus.
Agrigentum was a well-known Greek colony in Sicily; Fiume, at the head of the Adriatic Sea, is now an Austrian port.
Modon, a maritime town in the Peloponnesus.
Alep, Aleppo.
Brousse, a town in Anatolia.
Damas, Damascus.
Tarvis (English Treviso) is a town in the province of Venice.
The boyards were the feudal nobles of Roumania and other Balkan countries.
Rhamséion, a sepulchral monument built by Ramses trois, king of Egypt, in the fourteenth century B.C.
Généralife, the palace of the Moorish kings at Granada in Spain.
It is scarcely necessary to say that no Turkish Sultan ever held any part of Spain.
The word is here used transitively (a rare use) in the sense of 'drove against.' soudan, a word of Arabic origin, was a mediaeval name for certain Mahometan princes in Egypt and Asia Minor.
The word seems here loosely to designate the Turkish sultans.
turbé, a kind of small round chapel, usually attached to a mosque, in which the tombs of Sultans and other great persons are placed.
This is the third section of a poem called L'Italie: Ratbert.
The story is of Hugo's own invention, and is intended to delineate on the one hand the savagery, and on the other the knight-errantry, of the Middle Ages.
Pharamond, a somewhat legendary Frankish chieftain of the fifth century A.D.
The name, alone or in composition, is borne by three small towns or villages on or near the Genoese coast.
There was a marquisate of Final in the Middle Ages.
Hugo possibly had in mind the Saxon chief of this name (A.D.
sept cent cinquante-huit cent sept) who for five years successfully resisted the power of Charlemagne, and finally made an honourable peace with him.
It does not appear that he ever bore the title of king.
His country was the ancient Saxony, that is the country between the lower Rhine and the lower Elbe.
He had no connexion with Genoa, whither Hugo has dragged the Saxons without justification.
Albenga: the name is taken from a small town on the Genoese coast, not far from Final.
abbé du peuple, a name of a popularly elected magistrate at Genoa.
The office was in existence from mille deux cent soixante-dix to mille trois cent trente-neuf.
tribun militaire de Rome: Latin, tribunus militaris; the officers of the legion, six in number, who in republican times commanded in turn, six months at a time.
architrave, the lower part of the entablature, that which rests immediately on the column.
To understand the line, it must be remembered that the tower is conceived as a ruin.
alleux, a feudal term, signifying hereditary property.
The word is misused here in the sense of feudal dues.
Another feudal term, meaning the dues owed by an estate to the lord of whom it was held.
balistes (from Latin ballista), mediaeval machines for hurling stones and darts.
le puits d'une sachette, a hole in which a recluse lived.
Sachette (masc.
sachet) was the name given to certain nuns of the Augustinian order who wore a loose woollen garment (sac), whence the name was derived.
It afterwards became used of any recluse.
In Notre-Dame de Paris Hugo applies it to the half-crazy inhabitant of the Tour-Roland.
cruzade, an old Portuguese coin, so called because it was marked with a cross.
There was an old cruzade worth about trois fr.
trente, and a new cruzade worth not quite trois fr.
Narse, or Narses, was king of Persia A.D.
deux cent quatre-vingt-quatorze-trois cent trois.
Tigrane, the name of an Armenian, not a Persian dynasty.
There were seven kings of this name, and they occupied the Armenian throne from cinq cent soixante-cinq to cent soixante et un B.C.
This word is in strictness used only of the emissaries of the Pope.
Its use in any sense is an anachronism, as it was not introduced till the sixteenth century.
It embraced most of sudE.
France, and lasted from A.D.
huit cent cinquante-cinq to mille trente-deux.
This kingdom was frequently called le royaume d'Arle.
Roy d'Arle is therefore a historical title, but the names Ratbert and Rodolphe, as grandson and son respectively of Charlemagne, are imaginary.
Judas Maccabaeus, the Jewish hero, who freed his country from the tyranny of Antiochus Epiphanes.
Amadis See note on EVIRADNUS.
Aétius, a Roman general who lived in the fifth century A.D.
One of the last heroes and defenders of ancient Rome, he fought Franks, Burgundians, Huns, and succeeded in uniting the German kings of Gaul against Attila, and inflicting a crushing defeat upon him (A.
quatre cent cinquante et un).
The Latobriges were an ancient German tribe who lived in what is now Wurtemberg and Baden.
Platon: the Athenian philosopher Plato, justly placed amongst the poets.
Plaute: Plautus, the Roman writer of comedies, who lived in the second century B.C.
Scaeva Memor, a Roman poet and tragedian of the first century A.D., rescued from oblivion by this line.
The three make a bizarre trio; see note on BOOZ ENDORMI.
The Sicambres were the German tribe who in Roman times lived on the Rhine.
incrusté d'érable, i.
inlaid with maple.
bailli, i.
reître, an old word, derived from the German Reiter, used of the German knights.
buccin, properly a whelk, is a name given to a musical instrument very similar to a trombone.
brassière, a little jacket or vest worn close round the body.
The word is usually used in the plural.
Likely enough Hugo intends simply the corset.
au penchant des mers, i.
where the land slopes to the sea.
A peculiar expression; au penchant de la terre would be more usual.
les chouettes félines.
The epithet refers to their nocturnal habits.
trois cent cinquante-trois.
The antecedent of que is vautours.
The reference is to gladiatorial combats in the Roman Circus, and the louve d'airain is the famous bronze wolf of the Capitol, a statue representing a wolf suckling two children.
fauve, here `savage'.
See note on ÉVIRADNUS.
cru, i.
faîte vermeil.
See note on AYMERILLOT, where the same phrase occurs.
trois cent quatre-vingt-onze.
figurant, 'suggesting the form of'.
A highly characteritic touch.
Hugo possessed a faculty of poetic vision which changed the shapes of things so as to bring them into harmony with the dominant ideas of the moment.
LA ROSE DE L'INFANTE, and LA CONFIANCE.
Heliogabalus was a Roman Emperor (r.
deux cent dix-sept-deux cent vingt-deux) noted for his sensuality and his caprices.
cistre, cittern or cithern, a musical instrument resembling the guitar.
un Louvre: the Louvre is the well-known palace in Paris where many kings of France resided.
Note the antithesis in the same line, antre de rois, Louvre de voleurs.
les ors, various kinds of gold.
Sixte Malaspina, introduced as one of the counsellors of Ratbert in a poem entitled 'Ratbert' not given here.
chape is the Picard form of 'cape' (see note on LES PAUVRES GENS, l.
quatre-vingt-dix-sept).
It is the name for a long cloak, fastened in front, and worn by clergy and choristers when performing Divine Service.
Formerly any long loose cloak was called a charpe.
As is still the custom in the Greek Church, images of the Virgin or saints are largely used, and they are found as ornaments on pieces of furniture and sacerdotal vestments.
quatre cent cinquante-cinq.
A peacock roasted whole and served up ornamented with its feathers was a favourite dish at the banquets of the fifteenth century.
hypocras, an infusion of cinnamon, sweet almonds, amber, and musk in sweetened wine.
Le roi d'Arle.
See note to l.
cent soixante-dix-neuf.
See note under PUISSANCE ÉGALE BONTÉ.
jacque (also written jaque), a short close-fitting coat or tunic.
vair (English vair), the fur of the squirrel, a highly esteemed and costly material for dress in the later Middle Ages.
chevalier haubert, i.
a knight who has the right to wear the haubert or cuirass.
Urbain quatre, Pope (mille deux cent soixante et un-.
mille deux cent soixante-quatre).
He is rightly described as the son of a cobbler.
Afranus, introduced as the bishop of Fréjus, and one of Ratbert's evil counsellors, in the poem of 'Ratbert'.
See note on l.
quatre cent trente-cinq supra.
sept cent vingt et un.
For the element of supernatural vengeance on cruelty compare L'Aigle du casque, published in the mille huit cent soixante-dix-sept series.
There was no Infanta of five years of age at the epoch of the Armada.
_ basquine_, a rich skirt worn by Spanish women.
point de Gênes, Genoese lace, which at one time rivalled that of Venice.
fil d'or florentin, gold thread of Florence.
Duc de Brabant was one of the many titles of the King of Spain.
See note on LA CONFIANCE.
glas (pronounced glâ), 'passing bell.' vitreux: 'glassy,' 'lack-lustre.' The sunken eyes seemed of an unfathomable depth.
See note on PUISSANCE ÉGALE BONTÉ, Escurial.
The vast and gloomy palace near Madrid built by Philip deux in the form of a gridiron in memory of St.
Laurence, on whose feast-day he won the battle of St.
The inclusion of India in Philip's dominions can hardly be justified.
As King of Spain he possessed nothing in India, and as King of Portugal only a few trading stations and fortresses.
For Hugo's conception of the power and position of Spain at this epoch, see Le Rhin: Conclusion, deux, trois.
cent trente.
Prescott describes Philip as being habitually grave in manner, unsocial and sombre, and always dressed in black.
The Order of the Golden Fleece was the only jewel he ever wore.
cent trente-sept.
'Better a ruined kingdom, true to itself and its king, than one left unharmed to the profit of the Devil and the heretics.
'--Correspondence of Philip, quoted by Prescott in the History of Philip deux.
Burgos, the ancient capital of Old Castile.
Aranjuez, a town in the province of Toledo, where Philip had a summer residence.
la toison d'or, the Golden Fleece, an order of knighthood founded by Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy, in mille quatre cent vingt.
grincer un sourire: a bold and vivid expression, grincer meaning 'to gnash the teeth.' gastadour, from the Lat.
vastator, ravager, despoiler.
l'Escaut, the Scheldt.
The Adour is a river in Southern France, but no ships for the Armada came from France.
One suspects the influence of gastadour in the line above.
mestre de camp, an old term for commander of a regiment.
cent quatre-vingt-deux.
There were no German vessels in the Armada.
ourque, more usually written bourque, is a small Dutch or Flemish cargo-boat with two masts.
It is something between the modern ketch and the old Flemish 'bilander'.
moço, Spanish word for 'cabin-boy'.
Pausilippe, a promontory near Naples.
Placed by itself under the heading L'Inquisition in the series of mille huit cent cinquante-neuf, and preceded by the following note:--'Le baptême des volcans est un ancien usage qui remonte aux premiers temps de la conquête.
Tous les cratères du Nicaragua furent alors sanctifiés, à l'exception du Momotombo, d'où l'on ne vit jamais revenir les religieux qui s'étaient chargés d'aller y planter la croix.' (SQUIER, Voyage dans l'Amérique du Sud.) Momotombo is a volcano in the state of Nicaragua.
estG.Squier was an American antiquarian and author who was appointed chargé d'affaires to all the Central American States in mille huit cent quarante-neuf.
He does not appear to have written any work with the title quoted by Hugo.
The passage quoted occurs in his Nicaragua, its people, scenery, and monuments, published in mille huit cent cinquante-deux.
LA CHANSON DES AVENTURIERS DE LA MER.
(Page cent un) le golfe d'Otrante, between Italy and Albania.
au Phare: it is not clear what lighthouse is intended.
une Tarentaise, woman of Tarentum, in South Italy.
Gaëte, English Gaeta, a bay and town on the west coast of Italy, north of Naples.
The historical allusion here is not clear.
Prince Eugene of Savoy, Marlborough's colleague, and Cardinal Mazarin were not contemporaries.
Livourne, Leghorn.
Spinola: the reference may or may not be to the famous Imperialist general in the Thirty Years War.
prames, big flat-bottomed boats, capable of carrying cannon, and used for coast defence.
Notre-Dame de la Garde, a sanctuary at Marseilles.
Palma, a town in Majorca.
Victor Hugo's father was an officer in the army of the great Napoleon and fought in Spain as a general, but nothing is known of this incident except what is here told.
Caramba (Spanish), a colloquial interjection, implying surprise and astonishment.
To Hugo ugliness was as much a subject for pity as degradation or misery.
Compare the following passage from Les Contemplations: Ce que dit la Bouche d'Ombre:-- Pleurez sur les laideurs et les ignominies.
For Hugo's feeling for the brute creation, see Dieu: L'Ange.
The last Emperor of Rome, Romulus, was given by the people the derisive nickname of Augustulus, or 'the little Augustus'.
The capture of Ravenna in his reign by Odoacer marks the end of the Western Empire.
See note on AYMERILLOT, un.
miroitait, glittered with light.
farouche, hard, cruel.
fauve, wild, shy.
See note on ÉVIRADNUS, un.
cinq cent vingt-neuf.
A difficult expression.
Apparently it refers to the harsh grating of the wheel against the side of the rut.
connivence: the complicity of the burden upon his back with his master in keeping the ass in a straight course.
cent trente-quatre.
i.e.
the sad and melancholy, such as the ass, are equal to the angels, if they feel pity.
musoir, the head of a pier or jetty.
vertes couleuvres.
The serpent appealed to Hugo's poetic instinct, and he saw its shape and its glitter in many natural objects.
Compare the following passages, for most of which un am indebted to Edmond Huguet's Métaphores et comparaisons dans l'oeuvre de Victor Hugo: La ronce, le serpent, tord sur lui ses anneaux.
(Eviradnus, un.
quatre-vingt-dix-huit.) On voyait sur ses ponts des rouleaux de cordages Ce sinistre vaisseau les aidait dans leur oeuvre.
Used in Modern French only in a few provinces, except in certain phrases such as sous cape, 'secretly'.
The word is the same as the English 'cape'.
C'est la marine! Marine is often used as a nickname, as we say in English 'Jack'.
On the French coast the word is often familiarly used in speaking to a man who is or has been a sailor, e.g.
Dis-donc, la marine! Tiens, voilá la marine! In this case it means 'Here am un!' bonnet de forçat, 'woollen cap worn by convicts and also by fishermen.' chiffon: used colloquially for a child, especially for a little girl.
The vision of a gigantic derelict vessel on a boundless sea.
This is the old world, the past of grandeur and horror.
In the nineteenth century a monster warship was built on the Thames, type of the spirit of that age.
It carried two thousand guns; its topmast was higher than St.
Paul's; now it has become this derelict.
The old world was subject to many plagues and scourges.
Its moving spirit was Hatred, its characteristic, Division.
Race strove with race; vice, ignorance, superstition, cruelty prevailed.
Now the old world has vanished, the ship is deserted.
What has become of man? Look upwards! cachalot.
The cachalot or sperm-whale is one of the largest cetaceans, often attaining a length of more than quatre-vingts ft.
le grand mât, the mainmast.
déferle (of a wave), 'breaks.' l.trente-huit.
See the remarks, in the Introduction, on Hugo's treatment of shadows.
étrave, the stern of a vessel.
étambot, the stern-post.
l.cinquante-trois.
The vessel pitches as she meets the waves (le tangage qui brave); the rolling throws up most foam (le roulis qui fume).
éclat, splinter.
fauve, savage, barbarous.
See note on ÉVIRADNUS.
Le dernier siècle.
"Pleine Mer" and "Plein Ciel" form a section of the Légende, entitled Vingtiérne Siècle.
sur la Tamise.
Hugo was hostile to England.
He regarded the British Empire as one of the two great dominions the shadow of which was oppressing the world in the middle of the nineteenth century, the other being Russia.
England embodied "l'esprit de commerce, de ruse et d'aventure".
He developed this theme with a nervous and forcible eloquence, if not with great political insight, in Le Rhin: Conclusion (published in mille huit cent quarante-deux).
portemanteaux, davits, on which the boats are slung.
grelin, a hawser or warp.
palans, tackle for raising heavy weights; block and pulley.
amure, rope by means of which the lower corners of a sail are held, 'tack.' se le passaient, passed it along, i.e.
the ship.
Nimrod is in Hugo the incarnation of the spirit of war.
especially La Fin de Satan: Le Glaive.
pavois, as a naval term, 'bulwarks.' vrille, gimlet.
The conception is of some immense spiked ram.
alcoran, the Koran.
Al is the Arabic definite article.
cent quatre-vingt-onze refers to the texts in the Koran which order the death of those who do not accept Mahometanism.
simoun, simoon, the hot wind of the Sahara.
The vision of a ship in the sky.
What is it? It is man, who has burst the bonds that held him to earth and risen into the clouds.
It is matter soaring through the heavens.
First lyrical passage.
The passage of the ship through the sky.
Description of the life in the ship; the absence of arms; the feeling of power and joy.
Description of the ship's movement.
Second lyrical passage.
The voyage amongst the stars.
Whither will man go? He has thrown off his oid nature, his past history is buried, he aspires to immortality.
Third lyrical passage.
Is man to reach Heaven without death? No, man must remain man, but the weight has been taken from his feet.
War has vanished; man is good and just.
Fourth lyrical passage.
The ship is moving towards Virtue, Knowledge, Right, Reason, Brotherhood, Justice and Love, and is carrying with it man, who will find liberty and unity in the light.
La Fable, i.e.
the myth of Aeolus.
Aeolus was the god of the Winds, which he kept fastened up in a bag.
fausse clef, skeleton key.
fatal, 'charged with destiny.' pesanteur.
Not 'weight' but 'the force of gravity'.
Nadir is the point in the heavens which would be reached if a line were drawn through the centre of the earth and carried on till it reached the sky.
But here it seems to be used loosely for any distant point in the heavens.
The meaning is that from a remote distance the round earth, as it came into view beneath the ship, would have the appearance of a dusky comet.
A word once proposed, but never widely accepted, as a designation for an airship.
It is derived from the Greek aer (air) and skaphe (a vessel).
humaine, i.e.
made by man.
treuil, 'windlass.' moufle, 'block.' moteur, 'driving power.' L.
cent soixante et onze.
i.e.
by mathematics and poetry, that is by reason and imagination combined.
Euler was a Swiss geometrician (mille sept cent sept-quatre-vingt-trois) who made great contributions to mathematics and mechanics.
Tradition says that Delos in the Aegean Sea was once a wandering island, and that Zeus fastened it down that it might be a home for Latona, who was about to give birth to Apollo and Diana.
Leibniz (English Leibnitz), the German mathematician, chemist, and philosopher (mille six cent quarante-six-mille sept cent seize).
Fulton, the American inventor (mille sept cent soixante-cinq-mille huit cent quinze), who was one of the first mechanicians to construct a steamboat.
The German Kepler (mille cinq cent soixante et onze-mille six cent trente) was one of the founders of modern astronomy.
These three men are chosen as typical embodiments of the spirit of progress.
See note on PLEINE MER.
In the South of France the north-east wind is so called.
Sous le renversement de l'urne.
The urn is the symbol of that 'Fatalité' which to Hugo was the dark shadow over human life.
Andromeda, Orion, and the Pleiades are well-known constellations.
Arcturus is a star of the first magnitude in Bootes.
The Scorpion and the Archer are next each other in the heavens.
The lines express in a somewhat bizarre manner the effect of the outpouring of life on the stars.
Aldebaran, a reddish star of the first magnitude in the constellation of Taurus.
Cepheus is the name of a constellation, as also is Perseus.
des espaces vermeils.
See note on AYMERILLOT.
deux cent trente-deux.
Zoroaster was the founder of the Persian religion.
He was a great observer of the stars.
deux cent quarante-cinq.
In Victor Hugo the word denotes, not so much destiny, as the feeling or the doctrine that man is the helpless victim of an unseen and cruel power.
It is a gloom which overhangs human life, from which in the progress of the ages man will be delivered.
Compare La Vision d'où sortit ce livre, where the spirit of 'Fatalité' is associated with paganism and contrasted with the spirit of religion.
In Dieu again 'Fatalité' is one of the three sombre deities of paganism, the other two being Venus, the goddess of pleasure, and Hecate, the goddess of death.
also the following lines from La Fin de Satan, put into the mouth of man's evil angel:-- Je suis Lilith-Isis, l'âme noire du monde.
And again in Satan's speech to the Almighty:-- Tu seras Providence et moi Fatalité.
Notre-Dame de Paris is based upon this theme.
See especially Livre VII.
deux cent cinquante-cinq.
For the metaphor compare 'la fausse clef du fatal gouffre bleu', l.
trente-sept, and the following passage in L'Ane about the prison of life:-- La porte en est massive et la voûte en est dure; L.
deux cent soixante-treize.
the well-known line in Les Contemplations: Ce que dit la Bouche d'Ombre:-- Le fauve univers est le forçat de Dieu.
Man is likened to a convict, in that he is undergoing punishment, not in that he deserves it.
Allioth, a star of the first magnitude in the Great Bear.
J'en arrive: 'Tis from there un come.
la pesanteur.
Gravity symbolizes the forces which keep man down.
guèbres, fire-worshippers, i.e.
the Persians, who still adhere to the ancient religion of Zoroaster.
The word itself is Persian.
Thalès (English Thales), one of the seven wise men of Greece.
trois cent dix-sept.
An allusion to the well-known doctrine of the music of the spheres, enunciated by Plato.
The owl, as a bird of darkness, was to Hugo suggestive of evil things.
La Confiance.
frisson des roseaux, i.e.
a trembling like that of reeds.
Spinosa (English Spinoza) (mille six cent trente-deux-soixante-dix-sept), the Jewish philosopher, whose rationalistic views would be evidence to Hugo of his need of faith.
Thomas Hobbes (mille cinq cent quatre-vingt-huit-mille six cent soixante-dix-neuf), the famous English philosopher, is best known by his defence of absolute monarchy.
In ethics he held that man is swayed only by the desire for pleasure and the fear of pain.
Either of these views would be to Hugo a system of despair.
Erèbe (Erebus) was originally one of the Titans who was cast by Zeus into Tartarus.
The word is thus used as a synonym for the lower world, especially those regions where evil deeds are expiated.
See note on l.
deux cent quarante-cinq.
Gehenna was the valley near Jerusalem where crimmals were executed.
In the New Testament it is used as a synonym for hell.
Nimrod is again the embodiment of the spirit of war.
Aaron typifies ecclesiastical resistance to progress.
Beccaria was an Italian publicist (mille sept cent trente-huit-quatre-vingt-quatorze) who worked for the reform of the penal law.
His principal work was a small volume called Treatise on Crime and Punishment, which was translated into nearly every language in Europe.
His opposition to the use of torture, to the infliction of the death penalty, and to arbitrary arrest no doubt appealed specially to Hugo.
Dracon, i.e.
Draco, the Athenian legislator, the memory of the excessive severity of whose laws lingers in our adjective draconian.
Empedocles was a Greek philosopher who was born in Sicily about quatre cent cinquante B.C.
He is best remembered from the tradition that he threw himself down Etna in despair at his incapacity to solve the problem of its action.
Prometheus was the Titan who stole fire from heaven and gave it to men, for which Zeus chained him to a rock in the Caucasus.
In legend and poetry he figures as the benefactor and civilizer of mankind.
See note on l.
trois cent cinq.
l'antique idéal, the ancient visions, as for instance those of Isaiah and Virgil, of a golden age.
farouche, i.
that has never been realized.
quatre cent soixante-treize.
leaving the old humanity farther and farther behind.
See note on LA CONFIANCE.
blanchissant l'absolu, i.e.
lighting up infinite space.
urne, used as the symbol of Destiny.
See notes on PLEIN CIEL.
cent dix-sept.
i.e.
entered the immeasurable and infinite.
gehennam, another form of géhenne, closer to the Hebrew geia Hinnom, the valley of Hinnom.
See note on PLEIN CIEL.
Avernus was a lake in Campania, which the popular Roman belief held to be an entrance to the lower regions.
Hence comes averne, used as a synonvm for hell.
cent soixante-cinq.
See note under PUISSANCE ÉGALE BONTÉ.
Odes et Poésies diverses.
Paris, mille huit cent vingt-deux.
The volume contains several poems not found in subsequent editions.
Han d'lslande, novel.
Paris, mille huit cent vingt-trois.
La Muse française, begun in mille huit cent vingt-trois, ended in July, mille huit cent vingt-quatre.
It contains several articles by Hugo.
Odes et Ballades, 2nd volume.
Paris, mille huit cent vingt-quatre.
Relation d'un voyage au Mont Blanc.
Paris, mille huit cent vingt-cinq.
The MS.
was sold to a publisher, but never published.
Bug-Jargal, novel.
Paris, mille huit cent vingt-six.
Odes, troisième volume.
Paris, mille huit cent vingt-six.
Cromwell, drama.
Paris, mille huit cent vingt-sept.
Les Orientales.
Paris, mille huit cent vingt-huit (December).
Le Dernier Jour d'un condamné.
Paris, mille huit cent vingt-neuf (January).
Marion Delormé.
Paris, mille huit cent vingt-neuf.
Not acted until mille huit cent trente.
Hernani, ou l'honneur castillan, drama.
Paris, mille huit cent vingt-neuf.
Acted for the first time on February vingt-six, mille huit cent trente.
Notre-Dame de Paris.
Paris, mille huit cent trente et un (March quinze).
Les Feuilles d'automne.
Paris, mille huit cent trente et un.
Le Roi s'amuse, drama.
Paris, mille huit cent trente-deux.
Lucrèce Borgia, drama.
Paris, mille huit cent trente-trois.
Marie Tudor, drama.
Paris, mille huit cent trente-trois.
Les Chants du crépuscule.
Paris, mille huit cent trente-cinq.
Angelo, drama.
Paris, mille huit cent trente-cinq.
Les Voix intérieures.
Paris, mille huit cent trente-sept.
Ruy Blas, drama.
Paris, mille huit cent trente-huit.
Les Rayons et les Ombres.
Paris, mille huit cent quarante.
Le Rhin.
Paris, mille huit cent quarante-deux.
It is divided into three parts: Les Lettres, La Légende du beau Pécopin et de la belle Bauldour, Conclusion politique.
Les Burgraves, trilogy.
Paris, mille huit cent quarante-trois.
Napoléon le Petit.
Brussels, mille huit cent cinquante-deux.
Les Chátiments.
Geneva, mille huit cent cinquante-trois.
Les Contemplations.
Paris, mille huit cent cinquante-six.
La Légende des siécles.
First Series.
Paris, mille huit cent cinquante-neuf.
Les Misérables.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-deux.
William Shakespeare.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-quatre.
Les Chansons des rues et des bois.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-cinq.
Les Travailleurs de la mer.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-six.
L'Homme qui rit, novel.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-neuf.
L'Année terrible.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-douze.
Quatre-vingt-treize, novel.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-treize.
La Légende des siécles.
Second Series.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-dix-sept.
L'Art d'être grand-père.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-dix-sept.
L'Histoire d'un crime.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-dix-sept.
It was written at Brussels soon after the coup d'état of mille huit cent cinquante et un, but not published until mille huit cent soixante-dix-sept, when the Republic was in danger.
Le Pape.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-dix-huit.
La Pitié suprême.
Paris, mille huit cent soixante-dix-neuf.
Paris, mille huit cent quatre-vingts.
Religions et Religion, poems.
Paris, mille huit cent quatre-vingts.
Les Quatre Vents de l'Esprit.
Paris, mille huit cent quatre-vingt-un.
Paris, mille huit cent quatre-vingt-deux.
La Légende des siècles.
Third Series.
Paris, mille huit cent quatre-vingt-trois.
Le Théâtre en liberté.
Paris, mille huit cent quatre-vingt-six.
La Fin de Satan, poem.
Paris, mille huit cent quatre-vingt-six.
Choses vues, a sort of diary.
Paris, mille huit cent quatre-vingt-sept.
Toute la Lyre.
Paris, mille huit cent quatre-vingt-huit.
Extraits de la correspondance de Victor Hugo.
Paris, mille huit cent quatre-vingt-huit.
Besides these works Hugo wrote many articles, some of which appeared subsequently in complete editions of his works.
The most remarkable of these are Journal des idées, des opinions et des lectures dun jeune Jacobite.
mille huit cent dix-neuf.
Les Destins de la Vendée.
mille huit cent dix-neuf.
Sur Walter Scott.
mille huit cent vingt-trois.
Sur Lord Byron (à propos de sa mort).
mille huit cent vingt-quatre.
Guerre aux démolisseurs.
mille huit cent vingt-cinq-trente-deux.
Journal des idées et des opinions d'un révolutionnaire de mille huit cent trente.
Sur Mirabeau.
mille huit cent trente-quatre.
La Libération du territoire.
mille huit cent soixante-treize.
Many political articles, speeches, and prefaces.
The studies and criticisms on Hugo form a large and ever-increasing library.
The most remarkable among them are the following: SAINTE-BEUVE.
Critiques et Portraits littéraires.
Articles on Victor Hugo.
mille huit cent trente-deux.
GUSTAVE PLANCHE.
Nouveaux portraits littéraires.
Studies and criticisms on some of Hugo's plays.
mille huit cent trente-deux-huit.
Revue des Deux Mondes, passim.
Articles by Gustave Planche, A.
Fontaney, and Charles Magnin.
CHARLES ASSELINEAU.
Mélanges d'une bibliothèque romantique.
mille huit cent soixante-sept.
LEONARD DE LOMÉNIE.
Galerie des contemporains illustres.
mille huit cent soixante-dix-neuf.
GUSTAVE DESSOFFY (le comte).
Discours sur la vie littéraire de Victor Hugo.
mille huit cent quarante-cinq.
ELISA CHEVALIER.
La Vérité sur Victor Hugo.
mille huit cent cinquante.
EUGÈNE DE MIRECOURT.
Victor Hugo.
mille huit cent cinquante-quatre.
HIPPOLYTE CASTILLE.
Victor Hugo.
Les Poètes contemporains.
ERNEST HAMEL.
Victor Hugo.
mille huit cent soixante.
ALFRED NETTEMENT.
Victor Hugo.
mille huit cent soixante-deux.
MADAME VICTOR HUGO.
Victor Hugo, raconté par un témoin de sa vie.
deux vols.
mille huit cent soixante-trois.
PAUL DE SAINT-VICTOR.
Victor Hugo.
mille huit cent quatre-vingt-cinq.
Victor Hugo, l'homme et le poète.
mille huit cent quatre-vingt-dix-sept.
PETIT DE JULLEVILLE.
Histoire de la littérature française.
mille huit cent quatre-vingt-quatorze-mille neuf cents.
Victor Hugo, le Poète et le philosophe.
deux vols.
mille neuf cents.
Die Dramen von Hugo.
Berlin, mille neuf cent un.
GASTON DESCHAMPS.
Conférences sur Victor Hugo.
mille huit cent quatre-vingt-dix-huit.
ÉMILE FAGUET.
Histoire de la littérature française.
mille neuf cents.
And a host of articles by such critics as Émile Montégut, Émile Augier, Edmond Scherer, without speaking of the innumerable notes and criticisms which have appeared on Hugo and his work in daily papers and periodicals both in France and in foreign countries.
These are extremely numerous, but previously to mille huit cent cinquante et un, that is, before Hugo left France, they all represent him as a clean-shaven man.
After his exile Hugo grew a beard, hence the alteration so noticeable in the portraits subsequent to mille huit cent cinquante et un.
The portrait chosen represents Hugo in his youth, at the time of the first appearance of Notre-Dame de Paris.