They tell us you might sue us if there is something wrong with your copy of this eBook, even if you got it for free from someone other than us, and even if what's wrong is not our fault.
So, among other things, this "Small Print!" statement disclaims most of our liability to you.
It also tells you how you may distribute copies of this eBook if you want to.
By using or reading any part of this PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm eBook, you indicate that you understand, agree to and accept this "Small Print!" statement.
If you do not, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for this eBook by sending a request within trente days of receiving it to the person you got it from.
If you received this eBook on a physical medium (such as a disk), you must return it with your request.
This PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm eBook, like most PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm eBooks, is a "public domain" work distributed by Professor Michael sud Hart through the Project Gutenberg Association (the "Project").
Among other things, this means that no one owns a United States copyright on or for this work, so the Project (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
Special rules, set forth below, apply if you wish to copy and distribute this eBook under the "PROJECT GUTENBERG" trademark.
Please do not use the "PROJECT GUTENBERG" trademark to market any commercial products without permission.
To create these eBooks, the Project expends considerable efforts to identify, transcribe and proofread public domain works.
Despite these efforts, the Project's eBooks and any medium they may be on may contain "Defects".
If you received it on a physical medium, you must return it with your note, and such person may choose to alternatively give you a replacement copy.
If you received it electronically, such person may choose to alternatively give you a second opportunity to receive it electronically.
Some states do not allow disclaimers of implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of consequential damages, so the above disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you, and you may have other legal rights.
DISTRIBUTION UNDER "PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm" You may distribute copies of this eBook electronically, or by disk, book or any other medium if you either delete this "Small Print!" and all other references to Project Gutenberg, or:   Only give exact copies of it.
The Project gratefully accepts contributions of money, time, public domain materials, or royalty free copyright licenses